to this dirtyh sector
that's what's exciting
at the palace November 17, 2010 welcome to the head of dried apples know
that the paternal family
so we can see if it is clear
they are installed above the hand
in fact the idea is to put apples contracts passed in the garden
it has dried and thanks to the natural warmth of the hand is what the
report of return and if I can I will learn a lot how
we prepare its forms so once we have selected them in custody that those
who are fat enough who are not rotten
thanks to this peace must report note of biotechnology
we will have the center of the band removed, that is to say, I do not
worry we look
see and
however how does the center
but if I'm a substitute
we take the door and suddenly we have the same to hear
so we try to do the same regular theme
depending on the form of training will cross it's fine
once we've done it's the same
we are here for a reminder around 7
in the southwest yesterday that I cut
I certainly have not perfect so now if you approach three
strong heads
we fix
it's not on the side of the pudding and then up
a thank you to the camera my mom
good actually I'm in good health it's okay to show
so I will set every morning
harare master koffi koffi n'guessan
we have to be able to think because I like having a distribution
nearly homogeneous
yet done
each small slats
and clear enough to dry a beach in the wrong way
but it's more for the movie
here is the reading we leave a beautiful perf in three chapters slices of
apples
for this track to properly
here but after about a week of drying for two thirds the apples
dried